Issue #3619: NeedBraces need clear description of allowSingleLineStatement (#14133)
checkstyle/checkstyle: src/xdocs-examples/resources/com/puppycrawl/tools/checkstyle/checks/blocks/needbraces/Example4.txt

   ++count;
while (value.incrementValue() < 5); // OK
switch (num) {

>   case 1: counter++; break;         // OK, 'break' is not counted to allow compact view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  case 1: counter++; break;         // OK, 'break' is allowed to enhance readability
```

Reviewer: Please do for all examples like this.

  case 6: counter += 10; break;     // OK, 'break' is not counted to allow compact view

>   default: counter = 100; break;    // OK, 'break' is not counted to allow compact view

Reviewer: This should be changed to two switch blocks, one with violations on both `case N` and `default`, and one good one.

Author: Sorry didn't get you can you explain this @nrmancuso
